Document change to ref assembly output directory (#28057)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/compatibility/sdk/6.0/write-reference-assemblies-to-obj.md

---
title: "Breaking change: Write reference assemblies to IntermediateOutputPath"
description: Learn about the breaking change in .NET 6 where reference assemblies are written to the IntermediateOutputPath by default.
ms.date: 07/13/2021
---
# Write reference assemblies to intermediate output

> The .NET SDK now writes [reference assemblies](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/standard/assembly/reference-assemblies) to the `IntermediateOutputPath` instead of the `OutDir` by default. This removes these build-time-only artifacts from your runtime-required outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The .NET SDK now writes [reference assemblies](../../../../standard/assembly/reference-assemblies.md) to the `IntermediateOutputPath` instead of the `OutDir` by default. This change removes these build-time-only artifacts from outputs that you require at run time.
```

## Version **introduced**

.NET SDK 6.0.200

## Old behavior

> Since reference assemblies were added, the .NET SDK has written reference assemblies to the `ref` directory in the `OutDir` of the compilation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since reference assemblies were added, the .NET SDK has written reference assemblies to the `ref` directory in the `OutDir` directory of the compilation.
```

## New behavior

Now, reference assemblies will be written to the `refint` directory of the `IntermediateOutputPath` by default, like many other intermediate artifacts.

## Reason for change

> Reference assemblies are not runtime assets, and so don't belong in the `OutDir` directory by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reference assemblies are not run-time assets, and so don't belong in the `OutDir` directory by default.
```

> Reference assemblies are not run-time assets, and so don't belong in the `OutDir` directory by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Reference assemblies are generally not run-time assets, and so don't belong in the `OutDir` directory by default.
```

## Recommended action

> If you have custom build logic and you need to manipulate the reference assemblies, use the `TargetRefPath` property to get the correct path.

Reviewer 2: Probably worth mentioning this, but it is secondary:

```suggestion
If you have custom build logic and you need to manipulate the reference assemblies, use the `TargetRefPath` property to get the correct path.

If an external system requires the reference assembly in `OutDir`, set the property `<ProduceReferenceAssemblyInOutDir>true</ProduceReferenceAssemblyInOutDir>`.
```
